there's this moments then have the
he just got out of the way
so it happens to me sometimes and so
then i have no hair died
then I'll show you how I feel
without any equipment and like me
so that my optimal yoga hairstyle
I clearly found something like that
happens then you have open hair and
Of course, still no brush to have like
for most users first hair
take together and steer easily
see
then there is a loop I run
should be as close as possible
so maybe one or two
finger lay depending on how long and the
I am taking the whole golde hair
hand but leave the thumb away with it
really smaller is the otherwise to
example lazy rappers what now
still left by the han is against the
turn clockwise around the base
You can easily do that too
a turn then it still holds
a little bit better
important the tips really well below
stuff under it then we take the
bend and storm you over the whole
around her wound, I see instead of best
everything from below underneath and she
then everything from the top a bit more
further out this is under circumstances
right when the bend is small
but that is exactly what it is now
goal because then it keeps the good that
looks different with me every time
under circumstances this is out
agonizing part also not very nice
But the hairstyle is incredible
practically
I hope he also this little
loose back again so that it
just looks a bit better than
she ever went to dutts without equipment
and you could have searched that way
just over another was the antibodies
Time
I did not want to do that without comment
let it go under from below
to form the hair around the bend and
turn it around once more and
Of course, the rest again outside
Personally, I'll wrap you up
then not so good and stable over it
stumbled like a variant but
Of course you can do it anyway
try the whole thing stopped it
of course it stays the same but receives
as I said, not so good
maybe it's just an exercise
and habitual thing no idea then
we come to the part with the yoga
Hairstyle for different sports
I usually day different hairstyles
but it's usually pretty
clearly what works and what does not
In some positions you have to with the
simply lie flat on the floor
can
and there a high up there on the head
Berlin has to be a job
I share the hall I'm easy
at the neck but a bit different
that is more stable
you can imagine yourself as one
First, I'll tell who's starting to sleep
close and sometimes from the bottom
Part then again two games in the
I share them from top to bottom with
these three games maybe not on
Beach to the bottom of one of the best
Examples for me it was a shock
must be the shoulder is standing but
once I honestly was a braid too
quite impractical
he was with constantly through the area and
you have to be careful that you are not in the
hands on it rises and sometimes beats
he can easily face, of course
I give them from one to the other
put shoulder and watch that he always
fitting fits but I honestly want me
all the time thinking about my job
I use that now
same technology as before just just with
a braid that makes it all
stable
you can like the bend etc again
by making the talk about the
hand really lays down why
forefinger and thumb at this
But it does not matter
the main thing is that he makes a loop
Wraps the rest around and stuffs
it then again not clear we
flat the tips extra thoroughly
stuff underneath and then the
Loosely braid through the bend
pull it out
then the whole thing is stable with
some exercise that is totally fast and easy
then I can change as needed but
I just have a braid or one now
there need for me and my hair
the optimal solution for it
see if their hairstyles more sport
want to tell me the comments
See you